Document PopStateEvent() and PopStateEvent.state (#25702)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/history_api/example/index.md

---
title: History navigation example
slug: Web/API/History_API/Example
page-type: guide
---

> This is an example of anwebsite composed only of three pages (_first_page.php_, _second_page.php_ and _third_page.php_). To see how it works, please create the following files (or git clone [https://github.com/giabao/mdn-ajax-nav-example.git](https://github.com/giabao/mdn-ajax-nav-example) ):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an example of a website composed only of three pages (_first_page.php_, _second_page.php_ and _third_page.php_). To see how it works, please create the following files (or git clone [https://github.com/giabao/mdn-ajax-nav-example.git](https://github.com/giabao/mdn-ajax-nav-example) ):
```
